# operating-system
Two types of people can enter into a library- students and teachers. After entering the library, the visitor searches for the required books and gets them.In order to get them issued, he goes to the single CPU which is there to process the issuing of books. Two types of queues are there at the counter-one for students and one for teachers. A student goes and stands at the tail of the queue for students and similarly the teacher goes and stands at the tail of the queue for teachers (FIFO). If a student is being serviced and a teacher arrives at the counter, he would be the next person to get service (PRIORITY-non preemptive). If two teachers arrive at the same time, they will stand in their queue to get service (FIFO). Write a program to ensure that the system works in a non-chaotic manner.
In this scenario we have mainly two categories teacher and student. Either one of them or both of them can enter to  library which refers to process to the CPU .There are two types of Queues one each for student and teacher. As we know about the properties of Queues every node or components which is added into queue it is added at the end part or tail part of the of the queue. So we will create two counters one for each. And now it will count the no of student processes and no of teacher processes. If  student is being served by the CPU and teacher arrives at the same time the teacher will be serviced first as teacher have more priority than student. If two teachers arrives at the same time then both of them should wait for one another to complete the process of the first teacher and then second .Here we take no of processes will be there total and burst time for  teacher process and the process number for each process weather it belongs to the teacher or student . Then we will calculate the waiting time and turn around time and then according to it will work .
